## Coding_Assessment

# Assessment 1
For the first assessment, "Finding Favorite Times", I approached the problem by first, creating a function method that check if the current time is an arithmetic sequence. I then loop through the input, starting at 12:00, adding 1 minute each loop and checking if the current time is arithmetic. However, I soon realized that this method took too much time, requiring a time complexity O(N). I reduced the time complexity by calculating the total special cases there are in every 12 hours (31 total special cases). After finding to total number of special cases, I only needed to loop through the remainder of input time divide by 720 minutes (12 hours) and multiplying the number of 12 hours that passed by 31 in the end. Therefore, the time complexity of the algorithm would be reduced to O(N%720), which is significantly faster then the original time complexity.

# Assessment 2
For the second assessment, "blood distribution", I approached the problem by first, looping through the blood and patient array and calculating the total number of patient that can receive blood of the corresponding type. I also accounted for the factor that postive blood type patient can also receive negative blood by checking if there are negative blood available if the supply of positive blood does not fill the demand of patients. After looping through the array once, since type A and B patient can both receive type O blood, I combined the number of type A and B patient into 2 values, patient with negative blood and patient with positive blood. After combining the 2, I used a nested if statement to check if there are any more type O blood left and checked if there are any more type A and B patient that needs to receive the blood. The final condition to check is that since type AB patient can receive any kind of blood with the correct Rh factor, I looped through the blood array again to check if there are any extra type O, A or B blood that can be distributed to type AB patients. The final algorithm have a best time complexity O(N) and worst time complexity O(2N).
